# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements-uv.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match --no-build-isolation -p 3.10
accelerate==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mmgp
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
custom-rasterizer @ https://github.com/sdbds/Hunyuan3D-2-for-windows/releases/download/0.1/custom_rasterizer-0.1-cp310-cp310-win_amd64.whl
    # via -r requirements.txt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via pygltflib
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via pygltflib
diffusers==0.32.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==24.12.23
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==4.44.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gradio-client==1.3.0
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via diffusers
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via gradio
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via rembg
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.25.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mmgp==3.2.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msvc-runtime==14.42.34433
    # via pymeshlab
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   optimum-quanto
numba==0.61.0
    # via pymatting
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   pandas
    #   pymatting
    #   pymeshlab
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   trimesh
    #   xatlas
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
onnxruntime==1.20.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via rembg
optimum-quanto==0.2.6
    # via mmgp
orjson==3.10.15
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pooch
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pymatting
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via rembg
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via onnxruntime
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   mmgp
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygltflib==1.16.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pymatting==1.1.13
    # via rembg
pymeshlab==2023.12.post2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
rembg==2.0.61
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.9.2
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   mmgp
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.0
    # via rembg
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   pymatting
    #   rembg
    #   scikit-image
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
setuptools==77.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tifffile==2025.1.10
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
torch==2.5.1+cu124
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   mmgp
    #   optimum-quanto
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1+cu124
    # via -r requirements.txt
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   rembg
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
trimesh==4.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
triton-windows==3.2.0.post15
    # via -r requirements.txt
typer==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gradio
websockets==12.0
    # via gradio-client
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
xatlas==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
